The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”
Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon
The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J
One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear”
In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves
Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010
Daniel Radcliffe was allergic to his Harry Potter glasses
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”
Hershey’s Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt
Princess Peach didn’t move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character
To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called a “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English
If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you’ll be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species
The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation
In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves
If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range
Fruit stickers are edible, though the same as any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA
The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”
Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words “Astro” meaning “star” and “naut” meaning “sailor”. So astronaut literally means “star sailor”
The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes”
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse
Iceland does not have a railway system
The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1
Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found
The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017
The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand
The tongue is the only muscle in one’s body that is attached from one end
There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year
The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego Minifigures than there are people on Earth
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian
There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date
The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD
Elvis was originally blonde. He started coloring his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish
If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English
Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks
German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995
An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain
Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak, and our fingernails are made of
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand
75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species
The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters
The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong
Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700